CHAPTER 2
Birth of Jeezy Creezy

dawnclaw was watching the homo sapiens, who had now started many families on earth.

"hey dawn," said dawnclaudius, walking over to dawnclaw's viewing point of earth.

"hi dawnclaudius!" dawn said, slightly surprised by dawnclaudius's sudden entrance.

dawnclaudius wrapped his left arm around dawnclaw. "so, dawn. what's up?" he said seductively.

"d-dawnclaudius, you're making me feel weird." dawnclaw said, moving slightly further from dawnclaudius.

dawnclaudius faced dawnclaw, staring at her. he put his paws on her shoulders. "i'm bored, wanna have some fun?" he asked, grinning seductively.

"uh, ok i guess," said dawnclaw, intimidated by her brother.

dawnclaudius pinned dawnclaw to the wall and gave her a kiss. he inserted his long shaft into her tight hole and thrusted slowly, making dawnclaw moan slightly.
he continued to thrust into dawnclaw, slowly increasing his speed. "y-yes, harder~" moaned dawnclaw, as dawnclaudius went deeper inside of her.
dawnclaudius was aroused by dawnclaw's moans, making him increase his speed and depth.

dawnclaw and dawnclaudius kissed one last time before dawnclaudius thrust as deep as he could into dawnclaw and orgasmed. he filled her to the brim with his warm fluids and pulled out
of her, letting his white liquid pour out of her onto the floor. "aaah, t-that felt so good~" moaned dawnclaw, letting her brother's liquid slowly drip out of her.


ONE DAY LATER BECAUSE I AM TOO LAZY TO WRITE A PROPER TRANSITION


"hey yo fucker i'm pregnant now." dawnclaw said to dawnclaudius. "wait what how do you know this is like the year -1,000,000,000 we don't have pregnancy tests." replied dawnclaudius.
"dawnclaudius i'm a fucking god i think i can tell if i'm pregnant." exclaimed dawnclaw. 
"good point. also i came inside of you so that's another way of figuring it out." said dawnclaudius.
"yeah." said dawnclaw. "anyway, GOD DAMNIT DAWNCLAUDIUS WHY'D YOU GET ME PREGNANT?" shouted dawnclaw. "wait, you said god damnit but you're a god and also what do you mean by damnit"
said dawnclaudius. "fuck you." replied dawnclaw.
"lol prank'd." said dawnclaudius.

dawnclaw was thinking about how to deal with this pregnancy because she didn't want to take care of a child, so she decided to give the child to some random homo sapien.
she decended from the void onto earth.

"yo sup homo' what's your name?" said dawnclaw to two of the homo sapiens.

"hi there my name is marty creezy i am a married 20 year old female and my fetish is knees." said marty.

"hello my name is john creezy and i am a married 22 year old male and my fetish is also knees that's why we're married." said john.

"cool that's my fetish too. anyway want a child? ok great thanks bye." dawnclaw said, giving marty and john her child.

"oh ok, anyway what should we name our child?" said marty, holding the child in her arms.

"what about cheesy? i like cheese." replied john, thinking about cheese.

"no that's a bad name, what about jeezy?" asked marty.

"yes, jeezy creezy, that's a good name." said john.

suddenly, three kings riding horses arrived at marty and john creezy's house.

"hi guys, we heard of your child that god gave you and we wanted to give you some gifts." said the kings.

"i am the king of greenland and i have brought a gift of 20 bitcoin for your son." said the king of greenland.

"i am the king of moldova and i brought y'all a gift of magical soap for ur child." said the king of moldova.

"hi guys i am the king of gothlandia and i brought a one direction cd for your child." said the gothic king.

"cool thanks guys." said marty.

"anyway, what's your child's name?" asked the king of moldova.

"jeezy, jeezy creezy." said john.