CHAPTER 5
Noaghlichmn's Large Boat

"hey yo dawn i have a good idea why don't we just blow up earth and start again that seems good." dawnclaudius said to dawnclaw, who was looking at earth from the void.

"nah that seems violent, how about we just flood it that seems like fun." dawnclaw replied, now looking at dawnclaudius.

"oh ok sure i'll go start flooding it with, erm, some white liquid." said dawnclaudius.

"oh no don't use that that's weird." said dawnclaw, but dawnclaudius had already left.


dawnclaw descended onto earth, went to some random town with a large hill and illegally broke into the house of a random person named "noaghlichmn".

"hello noaghlichmn." said dawnclaw.

"hi." replied noaghlichmn.

"yo so we're gonna flood the entire earth with, umm that's not important. anyway you need to build a large boat and take 2 of every animal and start everything over." dawnclaw said.

"wait but shouldn't i take 4 of each because if i don't then there would be a lot of incest." noaghlichmn replied.

"cool take 2 of each k bye lol." said dawnclaw, as she ascended back to the void.

noaghlichmn grabbed his hard wood and ran over to the large hill. he used the wood to build a very large wooden boat. he then took 2 of all the animals on earth and
brought them onto his boat.
he got into his really cool boat and went to the wheel.

slowly, the white liquid started to rise around the boat, carrying the boat up. noaghlichmn watched as all the other homo sapiens were drowning in the white fluid.
the liquid covered everything in sight, including noaghlichmn's house. some of the white stuff stuck to his boat but it was still watery enough to sail through.
he raised the sails and pulled up his anchor, which was covered in dawnclaudius's white liquid.

"ok, this is kind of disgusting who the fuck did this?", exclaimed noaghlichmn.

"sorry 'bout that it was my brother he's weird." dawnclaw told noaghlichmn from the void.

"oh ok lol." noaghlichmn replied.

the wind carried noaghlichmn's boat across the white and slightly sticky sea. noaghlichmn piloted the boat towards the east because that was his second favorite direction.
noaghlichmn went to the lower area of the boat where all the animals were at. he saw that they were all fucking. oh ok.
he went back up to the boat's deck and continued to pilot the boat.

after a few days, the creamy liquid had lowered enough for there to be small areas of land scattered around.
noaghlichmn sailed over to the largest landmass he could find and dropped the still sticky anchor onto the ground.
everybody got off of the boat and walked on to the small island.

"wait fuck i just realized that i forgot to bring a ton of stuff." noaghlichmn exclaimed as he stood on the island.

dawnclaw teleported infront of noaghlichmn. "ok what do you need?" she asked.

"well i forgot to bring any other homo sapiens here." said noaghlichmn.

"lol just fuck dawnclaudius ok what else?" dawnclaw replied.

"i also forgot to bring water." noaghlichmn said.

"don't worry dawnclaudius can help you with that." dawnclaw replied.

"ok that's kinda gross but ok anyways i also forgot to bring any plants." said noaghlichmn.

"it's ok dawnclaudius has some seeds you can use those to grow plants." dawnclaw replied.

"i don't want to know what dawnclaudius's 'seeds' are but i guess i'll have to use them. anyway that's it i don't need anything else." noaghlichmn replied.

"ok great i'll leave now have fun with dawnclaudius." dawnclaw said as she teleported away back into the void.

suddenly, dawnclaudius appeared.

"hey what's up i'm dawnclaudius." said dawnclaudius.

"hi so your the one that made the white liquid and has all the really weird fetishes right?" noaghlichmn said to dawnclaudius.

"yep that's me i like nut." dawnclaudius replied.

"oh ok." noaghlichmn said.

then they fucked and nUt (: