CHAPTER 6
Technically it's not incest

"hey dawnclaw, wake up!" dawnclaudius screamed into dawnclaw's ears as she lay in bed, sleeping.

"aaaaaååawuifhUHn!!! what fuck! that hurt my ears ):" dawnclaw said, woken up by dawnclaudius's very loud screaming.

"hey dawnclaw, i was just thinking about something it's pretty cool." dawnclaudius said to dawnclaw.

"what?" replied dawnclaw.

"like, do we have parents or like how does that work? it's like pretty confusing i've been thinking about it all morning." said dawnclaudius.

"oh you're right that is weird, like did we just appear out of nowhere like what?" dawnclaw said, confused.

"hmm. now that i think about it.. if we just appeared out of nowhere, wouldn't we be unrelated?" dawnclaudius said.

"well, i guess but tha-"

"cool so that means it isn't incest technically let's fuck again." dawnclaudius cut off dawnclaw.

"oh." dawnclaw replied, as she slowly started to walk away from dawnclaudius.

"remember it was fun last time." dawnclaudius said to dawnclaw, seductivly winking.

"you made me pregnant last time." dawnclaw replied.

"yeah but you have the magical ability to just make someone else pregnant instead." dawnclaudius replied.

"i guess.." dawnclaw replied.

"cool so wanna have fun?" dawnclaudius said as he approached dawnclaw, now standing directly infront of her.

"uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ok sure i guess." dawnclaw replied.

dawnclaudius held dawnclaw in his arms as they kissed. he pushed her onto the somewhat existant bed and got ontop of her.
they continued to kiss as dawnclaudius slightly tickeled dawnclaw with his tail.
dawnclaudius teased dawnclaw with his long shaft, rubbing it against her hole. then he stopped playing with dawnclaw's plumbing equipment and inserted
his penem into dawnclaw's vaginae. dawnclaw moaned slightly as dawnclaudius inserted himself into her.

"h-heck i find this slightly enjoyable." dawnclaw said, while dawnclaudius sex.

"cool." dawnclaudius replied, harder penile insertation.

they continued to copulate, occasionally moaning loudly and monotonally.

"dawnclaudius throw." dawnclaw said.

"ok, i inside semen, aurora." dawnclaudius replied.

dawnclaw and dawnclaudius kissed one last time before dawnclaudius thrust as deep as he could into dawnclaw and orgasmed. he filled her to the brim with his warm fluids and pulled out
of her, letting his white liquid pour out of her onto the floor. "aaah, t-that felt so good~" moaned dawnclaw, letting her not her brother's liquid slowly drip out of her.


NEXT DAY


"ok so i have another child now what do you want to do dawnclaudius?" said dawnclaw.

"just give it to some random person on earth like last time." dawnclaudius replied.

"alright." dawnclaw said as she magically did stuff.

to be continued oo cool i wonder what happenes next.