CHAPTER 4
Jeezy Creezy's Erection

"today is the day. after all this time jeezy, my son, shall rise again." said dawnclaw.

"yo tf are you talking about lol." said dawnclaudius.

"SHUT UP DAWNCLAUDIUS I'M ABOUT TO GIVE OUR SON AN ERECTION!" dawnclaw shouted at dawnclaudius.

"ok i really hope that you meant resurrection and not erection because that's weird." dawnclaudius replied.

"listen, dawnclaudius. i know what i'm talking about. plus, you're the one who had sex with me so you can't say that anything i do is weird.
by the way, giving someone an erection is when you make a dead person alive again, right?" said dawnclaw.

"fuck this." said dawnclaudius as he walked away.

dawnclaw walked down to earth.

"hello fuckers!" said dawnclaw in a rather loud voice.

"we're actually called the fbi not fuckers." replied the fbi.

"k whatever. i'm going to give jeezy an erection so y'all better fuck off." dawnclaw said to the fbi.

dawnclaw went over to jeezy's coffin and used her magical powers to give jeezy creezy an erection.
when jeezy woke up from his death with his erection, he found out that he had gained super powers from his erection.
jeezy walked into the now hungry, thirsty and politically disagreeing town.

"hey what's up guys it's me jeezy creezy i'm back lol." said jeezy, in a loud voice so the entire town could hear him.

"JEEZY! YOU'RE BACK!" everyone screamed, glad that jeezy had returned.

"yes and with my new erection i now have magic powers and i can make everything better!" said jeezy.

"hello adopted son! i am very hungry and i actually had to eat my husband to survive. can you give the town some food?" said marty, eating john's leg.

"sure thing!" replied jeezy as he used his magic powers to create some hamburgers and eggs out of thin air.

"yay thanks lol." said marty, taking an eggburger.

"heyo jeezy, my family is very thirsty and we have no water. can you give the town some water?" said a person.

"i can do better, here's some grape juice." jeezy said while making some bottles of grape juice appear out of thin air.

"but i'm allergic to grape juice." said a person.

"lol too bad." replied jeezy.

"jeezy. everybody keeps arguing about politics. fucking help." said another person.

"ok here's some video games just play those and don't talk to eachother that will fix everything." jeezy replied as he handed out copies of his favorite game, "Call of Battlefield 72: Modern Battlegrounds Offensive Deathmatch Arena Fortress Extreme All DLC Pre-order Pack Developer commentary Beta version Gamestop Only Season Pass."

"cool thank." said the person.

after jeezy's erection, everybody loved him because of how cool he was. he autographed everybody's air conditioner and everybody liked him 'cause he was cool.

"wow i am very proud of our son." dawnclaw said to dawnclaudius.

"yes me too wanna fuck again?" replied dawnclaudius.

"no fuck you." said dawnclaw.