CHAPTER 3
Jeezy Creezy is Cool

"jeezy, wake up." marty whispered into jeezy's ear.

"huh? what mother?" jeezy said, still waking up.

"it's time for you to go to your job at the heater factory." replied marty.

"oh ok." replied jeezy.

jeezy ate breakfast, took a bath, put on his shoes and got out of bed.
he went out the door and walked down the road to the heater factory.

jeezy hated working at the heater factory. everything was always too hot and he wished that something existed that could cool him down.

"wait! i have an idea! i can invent something new that can cool everybody down!" jeezy thought.

a few hours later, jeezy went to the middle of the road with his new inventions.

"everybody! aren't you tired of being too hot because you only have heaters and nothing to cool you down?" jeezy shouted.

jeezy took a large white box shaped object out of his pants.

"check this pretty radical new thing i invented i call it air conditioning." said jeezy, holding the air conditioning in his hands.

"wow that's cool i guess but what can it do?" said someone in the large crowd of people that had gathered around jeezy.

"it can blow you." replied jeezy, speaking in a loud voice.

jeezy turned the air conditioning on and blew everyone. the cool breeze from the air conditioning made everyone feel better. they had never felt something as totally cool and rad dude
as this air conditioning.

"wow this is really cool!" said someone in the crowd.

"we love you jeezy! thanks for this dope air conditioning!" said another person in the crowd.

jeezy started to hand out air conditioning units to everyone.

each person in the city got air conditioning from jeezy.

suddenly, the fbi appeared.

"we are the fbi, you are under arrest jeezy." said the fbi.

"wait what why?" replied jeezy.

"everybody likes you and that's illegal in the roaming empire. you have been sentenced to death by touching hard wood." said the fbi.

"oh heck." exclaimed jeezy.

jeezy was hand-cuffed and taken to the hard wood that he had to touch until he died.
an fbi man forced jeezy to repeatedly touch the hard wood and jeezy died wow so sad ): can we get 50 likes.

everyone was sad that jeezy had died, totally uncool bro. but jeezy's invention was so amazing that they declared that this would be a new time period. they called it "a.c." which stood
for "air conditioning". everything before this time was called "b.c." which stood for "before cool" because before this everything was hot but now it is cool.


MEANWHILE IN THE VOID (WHERE DAWNCLAW AND DAWNCLAUDIUS LIVE)


"DAWNCLAUDIUS DID YOU FUCKING KILL OUR SON!?!?" dawnclaw shouted at dawnclaudius.

"jeez, chill bro i didn't kill jeezy why would i?" replied dawnclaudius.

"then why is he dead?" replied dawnclaw, slightly calmer now.

"those fbi people killed him lol." said dawnclaudius.

dawnclaw decended from the void onto earth and went over to the fbi people.

"LISTEN FUCKERS, YOU JUST KILLED MY SON BUT HE AIN'T DEAD YET YOU FUCKING FUCKS!" dawnclaw screamed at the fbi.
"JEEZY MAY BE DEAD NOW BUT HE'LL RETURN IN EPISODE 4!"

"oh ok lol." replied the fbi.