dawnclawism bible (written linearly because that's much easier to understand than however the bible is written)

CHAPTER 1
Beginning of cool stuffz

in the beginning, dawnclaw woke up and saw that she had accidentally slept in 5 hours.
"fucking shit," exclaimed dawnclaw.
"i'm going to be late for the pong tournament with my brother."

dawnclaw quickly pandiculated, got out of bed and walked over to her brother's place of residence which was like five steps to the left in the void.

"hello dawnclaw." said dawnclaw's brother, dawnclaudius.

"heyo." replied dawnclaw.

dawnclaw and dawnclaudius played 10 rounds of pong. dawnclaw won 9 of them and dawnclaudius won 2.

"heckin' heck!" said dawnclaudius, as he lost to dawnclaw. "oh well i'm going back to sleep i'm tired have fun doing whatever."

dawnclaw was bored because she had nothing to do, so she decided to watch porn. however, porn hadn't been invented yet so she couldn't watch any. fuck.
she decided to use her really radical powers to create four creatures that she called "homo sapiens" because almost all of them were really homophobic but she was hoping that they would eventually
become smarter so she used the latin word for "smart person."

she realized that she needed a place for these homo sapiens to live, so she created "cool land".

cool land was a perfect place for the homo sapiens. it had dihydrogen monoxide, treez, cool stuff and tons of epimedium.
dawnclaw put the four homo sapiens into cool land and told them that they could stay there forever as long as they didn't play roblox didn't attempt to escape, and they had
to fuck eachother at least twice every day and let dawnclaw watch.

she then gave them genders and names. the cis white male was named "xX_brian_Xx" and the female was named "xyliaiscool12345". the really funny and cool asian guy that was everybody's
favorite character was named "什麼是數字排毒" and the other guy who was bi but had to keep it secret because the other three were homophobic was named "bob".

they all started fucking and it was really hot and stuff.
also when i say "all" i don't mean dawnclaw or dawnclaudius, only the homo sapiens.

one day after all the homo sapiens had finished having sex for that day, they decided to look around their home that was cool land.
they discovered a hole in the rocks which they named "cave" because of the hole's concave geometry.

inside of the cave, they found a long slithering creature which they were going to call "floppy penis" but decided on "snake" which was a misspelling of snack because they were very
hungry.

they were about to start attempting to kill the snake but then the snake spoke.

"yo sup fuckers." said the snake.

"hello there, snake." said xX_brian_Xx.

"hi snake." said xyliaiscool12345.

"你好" said 什麼是數字排毒, as a laugh track played in the background.

"hi." said bob.

"what brings y'all to my cave?" asked the snake.

"i'm not sure lol we just decided to look around after we finished having sex." said xyliaiscool12345.

"isn't it terrible being forced to fuck just so that dawnclaw can watch you?" said the snake.

"well i guess kind of but it's ok." said bob.

the snake pulled a laptop out of one of the small holes in the cave and turned it on.

"would you like to play roblox?" asked the snake, slightly evily smiling.

"nro wre shrudn't brecause drawncraw sraid thrat grame is evril ahrnd brad." said 什麼是數字排毒, as the audience laughed at his funny joke.

"no you should because it is really fun." said the snake, while showing the homo sapiens the game "adopt and raise a cute kid" on roblox.

"fuck it sure let's play roblox." said xX_brian_Xx.

the next day, dawnclaw woke up and went to her viewing area to watch the homo sapiens fucking but she saw that they were not fucking but instead they were playing roblox.

"what the fuck are you fuckers doing!? you are supposed to be fucking! i'm horngy!!" exclaimed dawnclaw.

"we are playing roblox." said bob.

"fuck y'all your gonna be punished", said dawnclaw.

"hmm..." thought dawnclaw. "how should i punish these hecks?"

"i know!" said dawnclaw, as she had thought of how to punish the homo sapiens.

she created another land that was designed to punish the homo sapiens and she called it earth.

earth was a terrible place that had bad things like hunger, thirst, and politics.

"yo fuckers i'm sending you to earth. bye lol." said dawnclaw, to the homo sapiens.

the homo sapiens were sent to earth.

"well we fucked up." said 什麼是數字排毒, everybody laughed at his funny joke.

"yes we shouldn't have done that." said xX_brian_Xx.

"let's agree to never do something as bad as that again." said xyliaiscool12345.

"yes. we'll call these bad things sins because i don't like doing sins in math it's hard." said bob.

meanwhile in the void, dawnclaudius ran over to dawnclaw.

"you just got mega pranked!! lol xd." said dawnclaudius, to dawnclaw.

"what?" said dawnclaw.

"i tricked your homo sapiens into playing roblox!" said dawnclaudius.

"FUCK YOU WHY'D YOU MAKE MY SEX SLAVES PLAY ROBLOX?" shouted dawnclaw.

"lol prank'd." said dawnclaudius